DOCSP-25528 cleanup (#49)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/index.txt

   /compatibility
   /issues-and-help
   /faq

Introduction
------------

Welcome to the documentation site for the official {+driver-long+}. 
You can add the driver to your application to work with MongoDB in {+language+}. 

> Download it using `NuGet <https://www.nuget.org/>`__, or set up a runnable

Reviewer: Issue: the use of "it" here is unclear as you also mentioned a few other nouns in the previous sentence.

```suggestion
Download the driver using `NuGet <https://www.nuget.org/>`__, or set up a runnable
```

> Download it using `NuGet <https://www.nuget.org/>`__, or set up a runnable

Reviewer: Question: would it be helpful for the NuGet link to bring users to the specific page for the MongoDB Driver?

Author: Good call! Linked to the MongoDB driver instead

Quick Start
-----------

Learn how to establish a connection to MongoDB Atlas and begin
working with data in the :ref:`csharp-quickstart` section.

Quick Reference
---------------

See driver syntax examples for common MongoDB commands in the
:ref:`Quick Reference <csharp-quick-reference>` section.

Usage Examples
--------------

For fully runnable code snippets and explanations for common
methods, see :ref:`csharp-usage-examples`.

Fundamentals
------------

For detailed information on key concepts of using the {+driver-short+}, see
:ref:`csharp-fundamentals`.

API Documentation
-----------------

For detailed information about types and methods in the {+driver-short+}, see
the `{+driver-long+} API documentation <{+api-root+}/R_Project_CSharpDriverDocs.htm>`__.

Compatibility
-------------

For the compatibility charts that show the recommended {+driver-short+} version
for each MongoDB Server version, see :ref:`csharp-compatibility-tables`.

Issues & Help
-------------

Learn how to report bugs, contribute to the driver, and find
additional resources for asking questions in the :ref:`csharp-issues-help` section.

FAQ
---

> For answers to commonly asked questions about the {+driver-long+}, see :ref:`csharp-faq`
> section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For answers to commonly asked questions about the {+driver-long+}, see the :ref:`csharp-faq`
section.
```
